HCCDOC3138:Add Insights Runtime Extractor TP feature to Insights Operator release notes (#84967)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-18-release-notes.adoc

[id="ocp-release-notes-insights-operator-enhancements_{context}"]
=== Insights Operator

> 
> ==== Insights Runtime Extractor (Technology Preview)

Reviewer: This requires an id
```suggestion
[id="ocp-release-notes-insights-operator-runtime-extractor_{context}"]
==== Insights Runtime Extractor (Technology Preview)
```

> In {product-title} 4.18, the Insights Operator introduces a new workload data collection feature, _Insights Runtime Extractor_ (`InsightsRuntimeExtractor`), to help Red{nbsp}Hat better understand the workload of your containers.

Reviewer: Not sure what type of thing the `InsightsRuntimeExtractor` in backticks is - a CRD? Does that actually need mention in a RN blurb at all, or does it make sense to just use the "Insights Runtime Extractor" feature name here and throughout the RN text?
```suggestion
In this release, the Insights Operator introduces the workload data collection _Insights Runtime Extractor_ feature to help Red{nbsp}Hat better understand the workload of your containers.
```

Author: It's the actual name of the feature resource that customers enable through feature gates. 
We also add and refer this feature to the 'Enabling feature gates' topic too, and use this same format, similar to other data collection features/resources that are in Tech preview.

> Available as a Technology Preview, the `InsightsRuntimeExtractor` feature gathers and sends runtime workload data to Red{nbsp}Hat. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Available as a Technology Preview, the Insights Runtime Extractor feature gathers runtime workload data and sends it to Red{nbsp}Hat. 
```

> In {product-title} 4.18, the Insights Operator introduces a new workload data collection feature, _Insights Runtime Extractor_ (`InsightsRuntimeExtractor`), to help Red{nbsp}Hat better understand the workload of your containers.
> Available as a Technology Preview, the `InsightsRuntimeExtractor` feature gathers and sends runtime workload data to Red{nbsp}Hat. 
> Red{nbsp}Hat uses the collected runtime workload data to gain insights that can help you make investment decisions that will drive and optimize how you use your {product-title} containers.
> For more information about how to enable the feature, see _Enabling features using feature gates_.

Reviewer: In addition to the suggestions above, consider breaking this up and adding a link to "Enabling features using feature gates":

```suggestion
In this release, the Insights Operator introduces the workload data collection _Insights Runtime Extractor_ feature to help Red{nbsp}Hat better understand the workload of your containers.

Available as a Technology Preview, the Insights Runtime Extractor feature gathers runtime workload data and sends it to Red{nbsp}Hat. 
Red{nbsp}Hat uses the collected runtime workload data to gain insights that can help you make investment decisions that will drive and optimize how you use your {product-title} containers.

For more information, see xref:../nodes/clusters/nodes-cluster-enabling-features.adoc#nodes-cluster-enabling[Enabling features using feature gates].
```

Author: Done.  
Good idea. Note that, previous peer review suggestions requested that my xrefs were removed from release notes and added to the Additional Information section of the assembly instead.

> For more information about how to enable the feature, see _Enabling features using feature gates_.

Reviewer 2: @michelle-purcell Do we know for certain that the user needs to enable the TechPreviewNoUpgrade feature set to use this feature? This link goes to a procedure to do just that, which has significant consequences for the cluster.
